>start,ACT I-16
+vnplus
>setlocation,Ruins
>setbg,Sprite,BgObscurianRuins
>playbgm,BGMAgarthanRuins




>addchar,Dahlia,0,0,left,stressed
>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,nervous
>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right,serious
>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right,normal


Esaias: We are not too far now. We should arrive at the First Barrier in-


Dahlia: Nngh!


Ayin(surprisedbad): Dahlia! A-are you OK?


Dahlia(serious): Y-yeah... 


Dahlia(concerned): I’ll be fine- Ow...


Ayin(nervoussmile): Uh, w-we should rest, I think...


Esaias(normal): ... We are making good pace. 


Esaias(lookingright): I do not think a short break will set us back.


Illyia(ashamed): ...


Dahlia(concerned): Well... Fine.


>setexpr,Ayin,serious


Narrator: You all huddle around the lantern in a small sideroom.


Narrator: The orange light blends into strange hues with the glowing blue runes on the wall.


Narrator: In the distance, you think you hear sounds of battle... Or perhaps, it’s just the residual ringing in your ears.


Narrator: So close to your goal, yet already so beaten, you wonder if you’ll be able to complete your mission.


Narrator: ... And it was at that moment...


>addchar,Clarke,0,0,right
>stopbgm


Clarke: URGENT MISSION UPDATE INCOMING. PLEASE STANDBY.


Esaias(anxious): It seems to be directly from General Kaia.


Dahlia(normal): Maybe they’ve already destroyed the First Barrier...?


Narrator: A second passes before a blurry image of Kaia is projected onto the Ruins wall.


Narrator: Static interference only adds to the foreboding atmosphere.


>playbgm,BGMMilitary


Clarke (Kaia): This is general Kaia with the main Attack Teams.


Clarke (Kaia): We have met significant resistance-


>stopbgm[a]


Narrator: A large explosion in the background of the stream cuts the connection.


Narrator: ...


Narrator: The connection is restored after a few tense seconds.


>playbgm,BGMMilitary


Clarke (Kaia): ... The Attack Teams have suffered unexpected casualties en route to the First Barrier.


Clarke (Kaia): Once we break through to the First Barrier, we will require all teams to assist holding position while we take down the barrier.


Clarke (Kaia): As such, all agents are to enact operation WATER DAMAGE immediately.


Clarke (Kaia): ...


Clarke: END OF MESSAGE.


Clarke: Uploading new mission briefings for operation WATER DAMAGE...


>removechar,Clarke


Narrator: The mission briefing simultaneously pops up on everyone’s Typocrypha.


Narrator: Operation codename WATER DAMAGE - It’s a very simple order, really.


Narrator: We are to go all the way to the First Barrier and hold out against any and all demons to make a path for the Attack Teams.


Illyia(serious): Shit...


Esaias(anxious): This- There must be a mistake.


Ayin(surprisedbad): W-wait, what does this mean?


Illyia(pissed): Don’t you get it, “Leader”? It means we’re screwed!


Dahlia(serious): What are you complaining about? I thought you wanted a fight.


Illyia(pissed): If we just go marching up onto the First Barrier with no backup, it won’t be a fight!


>stopbgm


Illyia(ashamed): It’ll be a massacre.


Esaias(lookingleft): ...I...


>playbgm,BGMTension


Esaias(anxious): I don’t want to die... I-I can’t-


Dahlia(concerned): Hey, Saia. Calm down... It’s OK...


Dahlia: M-Maybe we can regroup with the other recon teams.


Illyia(ashamed): If any of them even make it there...


Illyia(serious): Do you remember how many demons we ran into? And this was supposed to be the easy route!


Ayin(ohfuck): Um... I-


Dahlia(stressed): Well maybe we would have ran into fewer demons if you didn’t keep running off like an idiot!


Illyia(pissed): Well MAYBE if you just let me join up with the front lines, we wouldn’t be in this situation in the first place!


Ayin: I was thinking maybe-


Dahlia: Oh yeah? What could you have done by yourself, huh? 


Illyia: I-I don’t know. Something! Anything!


Illyia(ashamed): Just... If I could just get the chance to do something right for once-


>stopbgm


Ayin(surprisedbad): I-I have something to say!!!


Narrator: Everyone stops to look at you.


Ayin(uncomfortable): ...Um...


Narrator: Panic starts to set in, but you remember what to do.


>playbgm,BGMSecondHand


Narrator: “Deep breaths, Ayin.”


Ayin(serious): I think... We should follow the mission and go to the First Barrier.


Ayin: I know that I’m not strong like all of you.


Ayin: But Adelai...


>setexpr,Illyia,ashamed


Ayin(sheepish): ...Ah- Adelai, s-she’s my friend.


Ayin(normal): Since we were kids, she’s always helped me out, helped protect me.


Ayin: And now she’s fighting on the front lines with the Attack Teams, to help protect all of Agartha.


Dahlia(concerned): Ayin...


Ayin(serious): I want to be the one to help her this time.


Ayin(nervoussmile): When she first told me she was joining the Attack Teams, I didn’t have the courage to join her.


Ayin: I just let myself get drafted into recon, since it was safer.


Ayin(serious): But meeting all of you made me want to do more.


Ayin(uncomfortable): I can’t force you to come with me, but...


>stopbgm


Narrator: You finish your speech, and realize you had your head down the whole time.


Narrator: How did they react? Are they looking at you? Have they already left?


Narrator: You have no idea, and part of you doesn’t want to face them to find out.


Narrator: Still a coward as always, I see.


Narrator: But thankfully for you, something magical is about to happen.


Dahlia(serious): ...I’m in.


Ayin(surprised): Wh-what?


>playbgm,BGMBattleSecondHand


Dahlia(happy): I mean, I can’t let you go alone, you know?


Dahlia: Plus I bet we’ll get a bonus for this extra mission.


Ayin(normal): Thank you, Dahlia.


Illyia(normal): Well well, look at who’s finally acting like a Leader!


Illyia(laughing): Guess I’ll have to stick around to see how this ends up.


Ayin(normal): Thanks Illyia, I-


Illyia(serious): But just so we’re clear - I’m doing this for the mission.


Illyia: I am NOT doing this for Adelai Steiner.


Illyia: Got it?


Ayin(ohfuck): H-Huh? Uh, for sure, y-yeah...


Narrator: You wonder if Illyia and Adelai know each other[b]...


Ayin(serious): ...Esaias?


Dahlia: Esaias, if you don’t think you can do it...


Esaias(lookingright): ... 


Esaias: To be honest, I do still wish to run.


Esaias(normal): When I volunteered, I had thought that this would be the best way to see the Ruins in person.


Esaias(anxious): But I was naive.


Esaias: ...Ayin. 


Esaias(lookingleft): I may have been able to see the Ruins, which was my original goal, but...


Esaias(normal): ...I also want to help protect my friends.


Esaias: So, while I am still scared, I will go with you.


Ayin: Thanks, Esaias.


Ayin: ...


Ayin(ohfuck): ... Uh, so I guess we can, um...


Ayin: (Oh god I didn’t think I’d get this far what do I do-)


>setexpr,Illyia,laughing
>setexpr,Dahlia,laughing


Everyone: Hahahaha[c]!


Ayin(sheepish): Sorry, I’m still not great at this..


Dahlia: Don’t worry Ayin! You may be the leader, but that doesn’t mean you have to do everything yourself!


Esaias: I agree completely. 


Esaias: I already have the fastest route to the First Barrier mapped out. 


Esaias: Ready to head out whenever you are, leader.


Ayin(evillaugh): Alright, team, let’s go!


>endt


[a]would be nice to have volume cut out to static rather than stopping starting
[b]Illyia was put on probation because it was on a mission with Adelai, and Illyia' rashness cause Adelai to get mildly injured
[c]might be nice to have a multi-talk feature