>start,ACT I-24
>setlocation,AEIOU Hospital
>setbg,Sprite,BgBriefingRoom


>wait,loadingFade


Narrator:AEIOU Hospital


+vnplus


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,concerned


Ayin(concerned): Hnnngh...


Narrator: You slowly open your eyes to a bright white ceiling.


Narrator: Soft, artificial Agarthan sunshine leaks through the blinds.


Narrator: You really want to sleep in.


>addchar,Clarke,0,0,right


Clarke: Ayin! It is good to see that you’re awake!


Clarke: You have been asleep for 3 whole days - 1023% more than your average sleep time.


Clarke: I am sending a notification to the nurse immediately of your recovery.


>removechar,Clarke


Ayin(serious): Mmmmm... Hmm?


Narrator: You start to remember everything like a bad dream. 


Narrator: It comes back slowly - creeping at the edge of your thoughts.


Narrator: The Ruins, the First Barrier, you were trying to escape the Ruins, but there was so much chaos...


Narrator: The hospital room door slams open.


>playbgm,BGMSecondHand(Redux)
>addchar,Adelai,0,0,right,bffs4ever


Adelai: AYIN!


Ayin(surprised): Adela-


Narrator: The wind is knocked out of you as Adelai crashes into you with a hug.


Ayin(surprisedbad): OOF!


Adelai: Ayin...


Narrator: You hear soft, muffled sobs, but Adelai doesn’t say anything.


Narrator: You stay like that for a while before Adelai detaches, stealthily wiping the tears from her face.


Adelai(teasing): *sniff* So, have a nice nap?


Ayin(embarrassed): Y-yeah... I guess?


Ayin(serious): ...


Ayin: S-So it’s been 3 days, huh...


Adelai(defeated): Yeah, it’s been... A lot, handling the aftermath.


Narrator: You look at Adelai’s face - deep bags under her eyes, frayed hair in a messy ponytail.


Ayin(nervous): Aftermath?


Adelai(frustrated): Ah...


Narrator: Adelai holds something back - you’re not sure what.


Adelai(serious): You know, mostly just paperwork and stuff...


Adelai(default): But I’m sure you want to see your team members first, yeah?


Ayin(surprised): Th-that’s right!


Ayin(nervous): ...Are they OK?


Adelai(caring): Well, why don’t you ask them yourself?


Adelai(default): In fact, I think your nurse should be here any second...


>movechar,Adelai,left,bottom
>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right,laughing


Illyia: Hey Leader! 


Narrator: Illyia enters the room on crutches with a wide grin on her face.


Narrator: You shudder at the thought of Illyia being your nurse.


Ayin(surprisedbad): I-Illyia!?


Illyia: Good to see you up and at ‘em Leader!


Illyia(normal): For a while it looked like you might not get up!


Ayin(ohfuck): (What.)


Narrator: You hear rushed footsteps, as another familiar face arrives.


>addchar,Dahlia,0,0,right,perish


Dahlia: Illyia! What did I tell you about taking my calls!?


Illyia(normal): Aw, lighten up! I had to come to celebrate our Leader’s heroic return!


Dahlia(eyeroll): Sigh, anyways...


Dahlia(happy): Ayin! How are you feeling?


Ayin(nervoussmile): Dahlia! I-I’m OK.


Ayin(happy): It’s good to see that you’re both OK!


Illyia(laughing): Ha! It’ll take more than that to take me out!


Illyia(ashamed): I told them I could keep fighting but...


Dahlia(eyeroll): Illyia, you had 3 broken ribs, a broken ankle, and a sprained wrist.


Illyia: I don’t want to hear that from the person who reset their broken leg on the battlefield!


Narrator: You watch Illyia and Dahlia bicker for a moment.


Narrator: When did they get so chummy?


>setexpr,Dahlia,normal


Ayin(surprised): Oh, and by the way this is my friend-


Illyia(serious): Adelai Steiner.


Adelai(serious): Illyia Xiong.


Narrator: The two stare each other down, seeming like they could break out into a duel at any moment.


Narrator: But instead...


Illyia(ashamed): ...thanks, for the, uh, backup n’ all...


Adelai(interested): ...!


Adelai(teasing): Ayin, are you sure this is the real Illyia? 


Adelai: Like she didn’t get body swapped by a Changeling?


Illyia(serious): Take it or leave it, Steiner!


Illyia: ...


Illyia(ashamed): I’m going back to bed...


>removechar,Illyia


Dahlia: Huh, I didn’t think many people could stand toe-to-toe with Illyia like that.


Adelai(teasing): Hehe... Well, if this was the Illyia I knew from the Exterminators, that confrontation might’ve ended a lot differently.


Dahlia(normal): You two worked together?


Adelai(normal): Same unit, actually, under General Kaia.


Adelai(interested): There was a... little accident, and she got transferred to a different unit.


Adelai(teasing): She’s still as prickly as always but, I don’t know, she’s softened a little bit.


Adelai(normal): Anyways, I have to head back - still lots of work to do.


Adelai: Take care of Ayin, uh-


Dahlia(happy): Dahlia Bulsara, she/her pronouns, medic class. 


Dahlia(laughing): And yes, you can leave our leader with us!


Adelai(caring): Thank you, Dahlia. Talk with you later, Ayin!


Ayin(normal): Yeah, talk soon.


>removechar,Adelai


Dahlia(happy): Aah, so that was the friend you were talking about.


Dahlia: I saw her peeking into your room from time to time.


Dahlia(normal): I think she was really worried.


Ayin(embarrassed): Haha, is that so...


Ayin(surprised): Wait, where’s Esaias?


Dahlia(concerned): Saia? Oh, he’s OK, but uh...


Narrator: Dahlia pauses


Dahlia: He’s OK and conscious now but, I think he’s still pretty shaken.


Dahlia(normal): Taking a look at your vitals, everything seems OK.


Dahlia(happy): Once you rest up a bit, why don’t you go say hi to him?


Dahlia: Might lift his spirits.


Ayin(serious): Yeah...


>removechar,Ayin
>removechar,Dahlia


+an


>stopbgm


Narrator[middle](center): The following day…


+vnplus


>clear
>playbgm,BGMSuave
>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,serious


Narrator: You arrive at Esaias’s room - near identical to yours.


>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right,lookingright


Narrator: You see Esaias lying in bed - his leg is propped up in a cast.


Narrator: Esaias sees you come in, but immediately averts his gaze.


Ayin(sheepish): H-Hey Esaias. How are you doing?


Esaias: ...


Esaias: Dahlia said my leg will probably take a few weeks to heal.


Ayin(ohfuck): I-I see...


Narrator: An awkward silence fills the air. 


Narrator: You never know what to do when this happens.


Narrator: You hastily scramble for a topic.


Ayin(normal): ...Oh! Uh, Esaias, if you’re OK, could you take a look at my Typocrypha?


Esaias: ...


Esaias(lookingright): Let me take a look.


Narrator: You hand Esaias your Typocrypha. 


Narrator: Esaias’s expression seems to lighten when given this distraction.


Esaias: Ayin, it does not seem like your Typocrypha can turn on in this state.


Esaias(anxious): The magic circuitry is completely fried, half the keys on the keyboard have melted off, and...


Esaias(embarrassed): ...


Esaias(lookingright): I recommend you purchase a new Typocrypha.


Ayin(sheepish): Well, I don’t have a whole lot of money on hand unfortunately... 


Ayin(ohfuck): (Also it’s technically my dad’s...)


Ayin(serious): Would it really be that difficult to repair?


Esaias: Dahlia would know better than I would. 


Esaias(lookingleft): ...


Esaias: I recommend you ask her.


Ayin(sheepish): Oh, uh, yeah sure...


Narrator: You reach out to take back your Typocrypha, but something about Esaias’s expression makes you pause.


Narrator: You’ve never been great at interpreting expressions, but you’ve also never been through several life-or-death situations with someone before.


Narrator: You feel a connection with Esaias.


Narrator: You decide to make a small push.


Ayin(normal): Actually, E-Esaias, I want you to work on it.


Esaias(lookingright): ...


Esaias(anxious): Why? Dahlia is a much more skilled engineer than I.


Esaias: I do not understand why you would go against my recommendation like this.


Narrator: You think Esaias is... Angry?


Ayin: I mean, you helped me earlier in the Ruins, right?


Esaias: That was nothing.


Esaias(lookingright): Anyone with even a cursory understanding of Typocrypha could do that.


Narrator: He’s disappointed... In himself?


Narrator: But behind it all...


Ayin(nervoussmile): But Dahlia will be busy with her medic duties, right?


>stopbgm


>setexpr,Esaias,normal
Narrator: Esaias turns to look at you.


Ayin(sheepish): Well, I mean, you know you don’t HAVE to do it.


Ayin(nervous): I just thought like, uh...


Esaias(lookingleft): ...


Esaias(embarrassed): I will try.


>setexpr,Esaias,lookingleft
Ayin(surprised): O-Oh, uh, cool!


Ayin(sheepish): S-Sounds good! 


Ayin: Yeah, just let me know whenever you’re done!


Narrator: With a small nod, you leave the room. 


Narrator: Esaias doesn’t say anything as you leave.


Narrator: ...and thus, the baton has been passed...


+an


Narrator[middle](center): ACT I \”Ayin\” - END
Narrator[middle](center): First Barrier - Destroyed


>endt