/* Begin Scene Documentation
Status
* Script Status: first draft (no review)
* DSP status: Formatted with new assets, untested in engine
* Scriptwriter: Tino
Character List:
* Ayin (Ein)
* Adelai
* Clarke
Setting List:
* Ayin’s house
Information communicated to the player:
* They have a house
* They are in the military now (a militia)
Premise:
* Ayin and Adelai rejoice at being safe and decide to leave as soon as possible. In the aftermath of the battle with Adrestia, they receive a notification on their typocrypha that they have been drafted
Outline
* Adelai and ayin are glad they are alive
* Clarke gives them an alert that they have been drafted into the militia
* Draft evaders will be found and put in prison
* They are forced to report to the briefing






End Scene Documentation */


>start,ACT I-4: And Then We Became Heroes


>fade,out,0,1,1,1


>setbg,Sprite,BgAyinRoom


>addchar,adelai,0,0


>addchar,Ayin,0,0


>playbgm,BGMSomber2


>fade,in,3,1,1,1


Ein (normal): Alright. Your futon’s all rolled out.


Adelai (caring): Thanks for letting me stay here so often.


Ein (happy): Keep it up, and Ivan might ask you to pay rent.


Adelai (serious): Where is he?


Ein (nervous): I don’t know. I’m sure he’ll be here in the morning.


Ein: (He isn’t usually out this late. I hope he’s ok.)


Adelai (defeated): Well, we never got him any leftovers anyway.


Ein (concerned): (She looks so sad. I hate seeing her like this.)


Ein (normal): Come on. We should get some rest.[a]


Adelai (defeated): Honestly, I don’t know if I’ll be able to get to sleep.


Adelai: I feel like I’m floating.


Adelai: We could’ve died back there.


Adelai: We probably should’ve died back there.


Adelai: And you know me, I already have insomnia.


Ein: (She’ll fall asleep eventually.) 


Ein: (Usually I try to fall asleep before her, so the snoring doesn’t keep me up.)


Ein: (I’d rather not think about almost dying, but I think she wants to talk.)[b]


Ein (cheerful): I’m just glad we’re alive


Ein (normal): ...


Ein: Do you want to talk about it?


Adelai: …


Adelai: It’s hard to feel safe with stuff like that going on.


Adelai (frustratedDistant): And it’s all because of those accursed Demons!


Adelai (defeated): Isn’t it enough to lock us in this place?


Adelai: That wasn’t some shapeshifter slipping through the seals, either.


Adelai: That was an invasion, and it won’t be the last.


Adelai: If Nemesis can make it into the city she can lead whatever Demons she wants with her.


Ein (smile): Maybe she won’t? Maybe Kaia and the Exterminators took her out.


Ein (normal): Anyway, not much we can do except stay safe and hope AEIOU does something.


Adelai (frustrated): ...


Adelai (tdefeated): You’re right.


Adelai (defeated): I just wish there was more we could do. 


>stopbgm


>addchar,Clarke,0,0.2


Clarke (alert): Alert! The Demon threat has been dealt with, and you are now safe to leave your shelters!


Ein (happy): (Took them a while.)


Ein (cheerful): See! I told you everything would work out.


Clarke (alert): And if you’re worried about future invasions… Don’t be!


Clarke (alert): For every blow they have dealt us, the AEIOU will strike back harder!


Clarke (alert): End of Alert.


>removechar,Clarke


Adelai (ifonly): Maybe you’re right. Maybe everything worked out.


Ein (nervoussmile): They’ve got It taken care of. They must have dealt with Nemesis if they’re that confident about not having more invasion.


Ein (nervous): (Although uh, it is weird the announcement didn’t mention her at all.)


>addchar,Clarke,0,0.2


Clarke (alert): Alert!


Ein (surprised): Another one?


>playbgm,BGMMilitary


Clarke: Have you ever wanted to help your country and make money at the same time?


Clarke: Of course you have! You’re an Agarthan citizen!


Clarke: If you are receiving this, then it’s your lucky day!


Clarke: In the wake of recent events, The AEIOU need new heroes to fight the spawn of the Evil Eye.


Clarke: You have been determined to have the qualities necessary to answer the call!


Clarke (military): Report to General Kaia at the AEIOU briefing room tomorrow at 0500 hours. 


Clarke: If you have any other responsibilities at that time, consider them null and void!


Clarke (alert): Don’t be late! Anyone caught not attending will be thrown in prison for evading the draft!


Clarke (cheeky): Although, I’m sure we don’t have to worry about any of you doing anything that stupid!


Clarke (military): You will be given more information at the briefing.


Clarke (cheeky): See you there!


>removechar,Clarke


>stopbgm


Ein (uncomfortable): …


>playbgm,BGMSomber


Ein (cheerful): Uh, look on the bright side!


Ein: You said you wanted an opportunity to do something, didn’t you?


Ein: Well, here it is! 


Adelai (defeated): ...


Adelai (defeated): You’re right.


Ein (sheepish): ...You don’t look very happy about it


Adelai: No, I mean that you’re right that we should try to rest.


Adelai: I’ve got a lot to think about.


Ein (happy): It’s ok if you need some space, but maybe I we could think about it together?


Adelai: ...


Adelai: Thanks… but I think I just need to sleep right now.


Adelai: 5AM is way, way too early to wake up.


Adelai (normal): See you tomorrow then.


Ein (happy): Sleep well.


>fade,out,3,1,1,1


>stopbgm
[a]Emotions confusing? maybe just go through the topics too fast.
[b]Kind of different from the usual internal style. Might change this