>start,ACT I-21
+vnplus
>setlocation,The First Barrier
>setbg,Sprite,BgBarrierMari


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,serious


>stopbgm


Narrator: Before you is a large crater where the snake demon Mari once stood.


Narrator: Mari, Pillar of the Obscurai, is no more.


>playbgm,BGMMenacing


Ayin(nervous): Ha... Ha...


Ayin(nervoussmile): H-Hey, everyone, we did it...


Narrator: You turn to look at your friends, but they’re in no shape to respond.


Narrator: You see Dahlia in the distance weakly tending to Esaias’s wounds as Illyia slowly hobbles over to them.


Narrator: You try to join them yourself, but when you try and lift your legs you instead fall to your knees in exhaustion.


Narrator: They seem to be waving at you, but you can’t really tell.


Ayin: H-Hey! Don’t worry I’m... I’m O-OK. 


Ayin: I’m coming now...




Narrator: Thump... Thump...


Narrator: At first you think it’s your heartbeat, but then you feel it - an overwhelming magical presence.


Narrator: And it’s right behind you - the same demon which started this whole thing.


>stopbgm


>addchar,Adrestria,0,0,right[a]
>playbgm,BGMCurseIntro


Adrestria: Cursed humans! You shall pay for what you have done!


Adrestria: I may have been too late to save Mari... 


Adrestria: But I will not allow you to progress any further!


Narrator: You try to lift your arm to cast a spell, but your Typocrypha is so heavy...


Narrator: You think you hear a voice calling you - probably your party.


Narrator: You’re sad that you won’t be able to be with them anymore.


Narrator: And you’re especially sad that you may never see-


>stopbgm
>addchar,Adelai,0,0,left,serious


Adelai: LASER!


Adrestria: Agh-!


Ayin(surprised): A-Adelai!?


>playbgm,BGMBattleNormal2


Adelai: Stand back Ayin.


>addchar,Kaia,0,0,left


Kaia: INCINERATE!


Adrestria: Gh-! You again!?


Kaia: Officer Adelai, fall back with the wounded.


Adelai(frustrated): But general, I can help!


Kaia: No. 


Kaia: This one is mine. 


Kaia: Now, go.


Narrator: Adelai hesitates only for a moment before taking you on her shoulders and heading towards the rear.


>removechar,Ayin
>removechar,Adelai


Kaia: Gloam Knight Adrestria. I see you’ve decided to stop killing innocents and come down here for a real fight.


Kaia: I, for one, am happy I get this chance at revenge.


>stopbgm


Adrestria: ...!?


Adrestria: Revenge...?


>playbgm,BGMCurse


Adrestria: What do YOU know of revenge, human?


Adrestria: After what you have done to us...


Adrestria: I’m going to make you pay for your crimes!!


>endt
[a]need adrestria character