>start,ACT I-9


+vnplus
>setbg,Sprite,BgObscurianRuins
>setlocation,Ruins
>playbgm,BGMAgarthanRuins


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,nervous
>addchar,Dahlia,0,0,left
>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right


Narrator: You, Dahlia, and Esaias travel through the Ruins.


>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right,concerned


Narrator: ...with Illyia about 20 feet ahead, keeping her distance.


Illyia(concerned): ...


Dahlia(normal): Illyia! Hold up!


Illyia(serious): What do you want, Bob Cut?


Dahlia(stressed): Bob Cut-? I- Urgh!


Dahlia(perish): {c,whisper}deep breaths, Dahlia... in... out... {c}


Dahlia(happy): I think we maybe got off on the wrong foot.


Dahlia: I get it, you’re from the Xiong family, right?


Narrator: Illyia furrows her brow.


Illyia: ...So what?


Dahlia(normal): You’ve probably been fighting demons from the day you learned how to type.


Dahlia(concerned): But the Ruins are dangerous! It’ll be safer if we stick together.


Dahlia(laughing): Right, leader?


Ayin(nervoussmile): Huh? Oh, uh, yeah! 


Esaias(lookingleft): Actually, as long as we follow the planned route, I would imagine a Typocrypha user as skilled as Illyia would have little trouble.


Dahlia(perish): Esaias!


Esaias(embarrassed): ...Oh!


Esaias(anxious): Well, u-um, it would also reflect poorly on your performance rating to go against the wishes of your team leader.


Esaias(lookingleft): Especially for someone on observation, I would advise some prudence in your actions.


Ayin(ohfuck): {c,whisper}(Wait, we’re being graded?){c}


Illyia(ashamed): ...Fine.


>setexpr,Ayin,serious


Illyia(concerned): I’ll stick around. For now.


Illyia(serious): Just don’t get in my way, OK?


Dahlia(laughing): See? It’s no so bad when-


Illyia(ashamed): -You can stop, you know.


Dahlia(normal): ...Stop what?


Illyia: The whole friendly act. 


Illyia(serious): This isn’t a company picnic. 


Illyia: We’re at war, if you haven’t noticed.


Illyia(ashamed): Why’d you even volunteer for this clusterfuck of an operation anyways?


Dahlia(serious): I could ask the same of you.


Dahlia: I’m sure a Xiong like you could’ve easily gotten onto the attack team if they wanted.


Dahlia(Happy): Oh wait, that’s right, you’re currently on “observation” and probably got thrown onto the scouting teams as punishment!


>stopbgm


Narrator: Illyia stops and turns to face Dahlia.


Illyia(serious): You don’t know shit.


Dahlia(stressed): Oh I know plenty! 


Dahlia: We’ve been in the same team for less than an hour and I know you’re arrogant and don’t know how to work with a team!


>playbgm,BGMExposition


Narrator: Illyia and Dahlia continue to go back and forth, their yells bouncing off the Ruins walls.


Ayin(nervous): {c,whisper}(D-Do I need to do something about this?){c}


Ayin(nervoussmile): U-Uh, hey, maybe we shouldn’t-


Dahlia(perish): And you know what else? What’s wrong with your Typocrypha!? It’s just a sword!


Illyia[action](yell): Well maybe if you’d studied a little more combat theory you’d know the sword is the most efficient spell weapon!


>setexpr,Ayin,ohfuck


Dahlia(stressed): What does that even mean!?


Dahlia(perish): Do you even know how to type???


Illyia[base](pissed): ...!


Illyia(serious): How dare you...


Narrator: You desperately look towards Esaias, powerless to do anything about the situation.


>stopbgm


Esaias(embarrassed): U-Uh, um! I volunteered because I wanted to see the Ruins!


>setexpr,Dahlia,normal


Esaias(normal): ...


Illyia: ... What?


Esaias(embarrassed): ... I-I was just answering your previous question.


Dahlia: ...


Ayin: ...


Illyia(ashamed): I...


Illyia(concerned): -Fine, yeah sure, whatever.


Illyia(serious): Why don’t you start navigating us then, Mr. Sightseer. 


>playbgm,BGMAgarthanRuins


Esaias: Yes, of course.


Esaias(normal): The current tunnel we are in will take us all the way to the inner levels where the First Barrier is most likely to be located.


Esaias(lookingright): The tunnel itself is isolated from the main atrium, and as such we should meet virtually no demon re-


>stopbgm


Illyia(serious): -Shh!


Narrator: Saying nothing else, Illyia suddenly pulls the party into a side passage.


Narrator: Peering deeper into the hall you understand why.


Narrator: You see a large group of demons aimlessly looking around.


Illyia(ashamed): Well so much for your plan.


Esaias(anxious): No... This does not make sense.


Dahlia(concerned): Don’t worry Esaias! Is there another path we can take?


Esaias(lookingright): As I had previously stated, due to the isolated nature of this tunnel there are few other options than to backtrack if we wish to avoid the demons.


Illyia(normal): I think I have a better idea. Time to rack up some points!


>playbgm,BGMBattleNormal2


Illyia[action](yell): Agent Xiong, Engaging!


Dahlia(stressed): Wai-


>removechar,Illyia


Narrator: You helplessly watch Illyia spring from your hideout and charge towards the demon horde.


Ayin(ohfuck): Um, s-so do we-


Dahlia(perish): Argh she’s so infuriating! 


Dahlia(serious): We have to back her up! C’mon!


Ayin:{c,whisper}(I was hoping you wouldn’t say that...){c}


>endt