>start,ACT I-6


+vnplus
>setbg,Sprite,BgPlayerBedroom
>setlocation,Ayin’s Room
>playbgm,BGMSecondHand


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left
>addchar,Adelai,0,0,right


Adelai(caring): We... We made it...


Adelai(frustrated): -Ow!


Ayin(nervous): Adelai?!


Adelai(caring): I-It’s nothing. I just got a bruise on my leg.


Adelai(normal): It’ll heal up on its own. 


Ayin(concerned): L-let me see, maybe Ivan has a first aid kit somewhere around here...


Adelai: You’re not hurt anywhere?


Ayin: No, at least I-I don’t think so...


Adelai(bffs4ever): Thank god...


Narrator: Adelai lets out a sigh of relief, leaving a moment of reprieve before her expression turns cold once more.


Adelai(frustrateddistant): Cursed demons. Isn’t it enough that they forced us into lockdown?


Adelai: If only I was stronger, I’d-


Narrator: An alert pops up on both of your Typocrypha.


/* alert sounds */


>stopbgm


>addchar,Clarke,0,0,left


Clarke: Notice to all Agarthan citizens: please standby for official announcement from AEIOU on demon attack at Seven Stars Station.


/* Popup screen with staticy Kaia*/


>playbgm,BGMMilitary


>addchar,Kaia,0,0,right


Narrator: A video starts playing of General Kaia, the same General you saw fighting not hours ago, Typocrypha still armed and ready.


Kaia: Citizens of Agartha. I am General Kaia Agnes, head of the AEIOU Exterminators.


Kaia: It has been 15 long years since the Demons of Obscurai broke the peace by attacking and slaughtering our people.


Kaia(confident): And, during this time, you have all stayed strong.


Kaia: You have stayed diligent, looking out for each other.


Kaia: You have persevered in hopes that life would one day return to normal.


Kaia(commanding): Today, that hope for normalcy has been viciously challenged by the demons and their Evil Eye.


Kaia(normal): Earlier this evening, Demons attacked Residential Area B, leveling Seven Stars station. 


Kaia: Several casualties have been reported, and as our teams are still addressing the situation, we expect those numbers to rise.


Kaia: I fought alongside our brave first responders from AEIOU, and personally stood witness to an entirely new breed of chaos.


Kaia: And, while I am happy to say that we met this challenge with the very best of Agartha, this surely will not be the last of such tragedies.


Kaia(commanding): We, the true people of Agartha, know what must be done.


Kaia: It is time to be rid of the demons from our city once and for all!


/*TODO: Screen goes a little staticy with Evil Eye motifs.*/


Kaia: No more lockdown, no more hiding in our homes, no more futile attempts at peace. 


Kaia: I announce here and now the start of the {c,ui-terms}Agarthan Sanitization Project.{c} 


Kaia(normal): This project, spearheaded by AEIOU, is a clear and comprehensive plan to finally defeat the demon menace and clean out the Ruins of their evil presence. 


Kaia: Having the Agarthan Sanitization Project succeed will require a significant amount of resources, of course. 


Kaia: But by far, the most important thing we will need to succeed is all of you.


Kaia(confident): For the bravest among you, for those who have something to fight for, I ask of you to help Agartha break free from the gaze of the Evil Eye.


Kaia(normal): I leave you all with a prayer for those who have lost their lives fighting against the demons: may their souls rise high above on the Wings of Agartha...


Kaia: ...


>removechar,Kaia


/* Screen pop up disappears */


Narrator: There’s only a moment of pause before another screen comes up.


Clarke: To volunteer for the Agarthan Sanitization Project, please use the following link.


Clarke: Citizens with Typocrypha experience as evidenced in their magic license may be drafted to support the Agarthan Sanitization Project.


Clarke: Thank you, and have a nice day!


>removechar,Clarke


>stopbgm




Narrator: You’re overloaded with information - Sanitization Project? A Draft?


Narrator: Unable to properly process this information, you turn to Adelai.


Ayin(embarrassed): I g-guess that’s the thing AEIOU was planning, huh?


Ayin(concerned): ...


Ayin(concerned): A-Adelai?


Adelai(interested): -Hm? [pause,0.2] Oh, sorry, I wasn’t listening.


Narrator: “I wasn’t listening”...?


Narrator: At a time like this?


>playbgm,BGMExposition


Ayin: O-Oh, no worries!


Ayin(squint): I guess the draft and stuff doesn’t r-really impact you...


Adelai(serious): ...!


Adelai: What do you mean by that, Ayin?


Ayin(concerned): You’re the only daughter of Austin Stenier! 


Ayin(uncomfortable): Of course y-you’re not going to be drafted...


Ayin: N-not like some nobody like me...


Adelai(caring): Ayin, you know that’s not-


Ayin(surprisedbad): But it ^shake^is|shake| true, isn’t it?


>setexpr,Adelai,serious


Ayin(concerned): ...! Y-you already knew about the Sanitization Project, didn’t you?


Ayin(uncomfortable): ^shake^Haa...[pause,0.2] Haa...[pause,0.2]|shake| O-of course you would... 


Narrator: Every word you say drains your lungs of breath - Drains blood away from your extremities in an attempt of self-preservation.


Narrator: But what are you really protecting yourself from?


Adelai(serious): Ayin, I’m telling you, that’s not true!


Ayin(surprisedbad): ...


Ayin(uncomfortable): Y-you should just g-go...


Adelai(frustrated): But Ayin-


>stopbgm


Ayin: JUST GO!


Adelai: I...


Adelai(defeated): ...


Adelai(ifonly): I-I’ll talk to you later, OK?


Narrator: You don’t respond as Adelai leaves.


Narrator: ...


Narrator: And now, you’re all alone...


>endt