>start,ACT I-11


+vnplus
>stopbgm


>setbg,Sprite,BgObscurianRuins
>setlocation,Ruins
>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,concerned
>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right,anxious


Narrator: You pause for a moment, the adrenaline still pumping through your veins.


Narrator: The Ruins are quiet. It’s only you and Esaias.


Ayin(concerned): W-We’re OK now, right?


>playbgm,BGMAgarthanRuins


Esaias(anxious): Yes, there do not seem to be any more demon responses.


Ayin(nervoussmile): Phew... Thanks for helping me out there, Esaias.


Esaias(normal): You are welcome.


Esaias(lookingleft): ...


Esaias(normal): Ayin, why did you decide to join the AEIOU Academy?


Ayin(surprised): Huh? Oh, uh...


Ayin(nervous): I- there wasn’t really a big r-reason.


Ayin(embarrassed): My family didn’t have a whole lot of money, and AEIOU was recruiting so...


Ayin(nervous): Oh! And Adelai was there too.


Ayin(normal): Ah, Adelai is my friend, she’s also in the Sanitization project, but on the Attack team...


Ayin(nervous): So, uh, yeah...


Esaias(lookingright): I see.


Ayin(nervous): ...


Esaias(normal): ...


Ayin(ohfuck): D-Does that answer y-your question?


Esaias(embarrassed): ...


Esaias(normal): Apologies, I should have been more straight to the point.


>setexpr,Ayin,serious


Esaias: From the previous battle, you did not seem particularly well versed in combat.


Esaias(lookingleft): Including your lack of knowledge on Typocrypha and the Ruins...


>setexpr,Ayin,embarrassed


Esaias: ...


Esaias(normal): I suppose I was having difficulty understanding how you ended up in the Sanitization project.


Esaias(anxious): But I see, now. Thank you.


Ayin: Uh, y-yeah, for sure!


Ayin(happy): Wh-What about you Esaias? 


Ayin(normal): You said you wanted to, uh, “see the Ruins”?


Esaias(embarrassed): That was admittedly a crude summary of my goals.


Esaias(normal): As a child, I found myself enamored with the history of Agartha, and in particular the Ruins and their denizens, the Obscurai.


Esaias: However, by the time I gained these affinities, the Demons had already begun attacking Agartha, forcing AEIOU to seal the Ruins.


Narrator: You remember the day the Demons began attacking Agartha - the “Awakening of the Evil Eye”.


Ayin(serious): {c,whisper}(So Esaias was just a kid when that happened, huh...){c}


Esaias: As such, I immersed myself in books on the matter, at least as much as I could find.


Esaias(anxious): It is a tragedy how poorly maintained publicly available books on the Ruins are. Most of what one can find in libraries are limited to historical documents written by the early Armican settlers, but those accounts lack sufficient detail to...  


>stopbgm


Ayin(puppyeyes): ...


Esaias(embarrassed): ...apologies, I was rambling again.


Esaias: Dahlia has cautioned me that I tend to ramble in conversation.


Ayin(surprised): No, it’s fine! I like listening.


Ayin(nervoussmile): I think it’s cool how you can just know all these things.


Ayin(normal): So, a-at least for me, you don’t have to apologize every time.


Esaias(normal): ...


Narrator: Esaias looks right at you with his usual look, but...


Narrator: ...maybe, it’s a little more relaxed than before.


Esaias(normal): Yes, apolo-


Esaias(embarrassed): ...


Esaias(normal): Thank you, Ayin.


Esaias: We should regroup with Dahlia and Illyia.


Ayin(normal): Oh, y-yeah, let’s go.


>playbgm,BGMExplorer


Narrator: You head down the hallway in search of Illyia and Dahlia.


Narrator: It isn’t difficult - you just follow the sound of arguing.


>addchar,Dahlia,0,0,left,perish
>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right,pissed


Illyia: That last one was my kill, Bob Cut!


Dahlia(stressed): You weren’t even looking! I saved you by taking it out!


Illyia: Yeah, and who asked you? 


Illyia(ashamed): Like I told you already, I can take care of myself!


Narrator: As you and Esaias approach the heated argument, Esaias turns to you.


Esaias(normal): Ayin, I believe you can exert your position as leader to help resolve this.


Ayin(nervous): R-Really? They seem pretty into it...


Esaias(normal): Do not worry. 


Esaias: While I cannot speak much for Illyia, Dahlia has her own reasons for being on this mission that she would never risk over a petty argument.


Esaias(lookingright): While she can sometimes be quite... passionate.


Esaias(normal): She will listen to reason.


Ayin(serious): O-OK.


Narrator: You walk up to Illyia and Dahlia, still unnoticed.


Dahlia: And another thing-


>stopbgm


Ayin(uncomfortable): H-Hey! As the leader, I think y-you two should stop arguing!


>setexpr,Dahlia,serious
>setexpr,Illyia,serious


Narrator: Illyia and Dahlia pause for a moment to look at you, stunned by your sudden interjection.


Ayin(nervous): Um, p-please?


>setexpr,Esaias,lookingright


Narrator: Esaias shoots you a quick glare.


Ayin(serious): Ahem.


Ayin: For the mission, w-we need to move quickly to find the First barrier.


Ayin: If we keep arguing here, the other teams will end up finding the First Barrier first...


Dahlia: ...


Illyia: ...


>playbgm,BGMAgarthanRuins


Dahlia(concerned): ... Ugh, yeah, sorry Ayin. 


Dahlia(happy): We should keep going.


Illyia(serious): Hpmh, fine. If that’s what our “leader” says...


Ayin(nervoussmile): G-Good! Uh, Esaias, let’s keep going!


Esaias: Understood, leader.


>endt