>start,ACT-I-13


+vnplus


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left


>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right


Illyia(serious): Looks like that’s the last of them.


Ayin(nervous): Y-yeah...


Ayin: ...


Illyia(concerned): C’mon, no time for sitting around.


Ayin: Right, um...


Illyia: What?


Ayin(sheepish): Thanks, Illyia. For, uh, helping me out there.


Illyia(ashamed): ... Hmph. Yeah, whatever.


Illyia: Let’s go. We should be able to get around the cave-in through this hallway.


Narrator: You and Illyia start moving through the Ruins.


Narrator: Illyia says nothing more, other than occasionally pointing out rubble in the way.


Narrator: Eventually, you spot a familiar green jacket in the distance


>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right


Esaias(normal[a]): Ayin! Illyia! You two are OK.


Ayin(serious): Esaias! Did you manage to find Dahlia?


Esaias(anxious): No, I could not locate her position. 


Esaias: Illyia, did you see her? She was headed in your direction.


Illyia(ashamed): No... I didn’t.


Esaias: That is concerning. The only other route she could have taken in that direction leads to a stretch of completely unmapped tunnels...


Esaias(lookingleft): ...! 


Esaias(normal): Ayin, your Typocrypha seems to have several indicator lights on. When was the last time you performed maintenance[b]?


Ayin: Uh, maintenance?


Illyia(serious): Oh my god, your Typocrypha’s ancient!


Illyia(laughing): What, Austin Steiner himself build you that hunk of junk?


Ayin(nervoussmile): It was a hand-me-down from my dad. Not actually sure where he got it, though...


Esaias: I have some experience working with older models, although mostly learned second-hand from Dahlia. 


Esaias: I can take a look, if you wish.


Ayin: Sure, thanks Esaias.


Esaias: .  .  .


Esaias(lookingright): ... Hmm, interesting. 


Esaias(normal): It seems your Typocrypha is equipped with an I-10 Spell Decoder module.


Ayin(surprised): A... What?


Esaias: After the Typocrypha design was streamlined with the inclusion of auto-complete and-


Illyia(serious): Weren’t we in a hurry, egghead? Finish up and let’s get going.


Esaias(embarrassed): Right, apologies. 


Esaias(normal): For now I’ve re-enabled the feature: it may prove useful in combat.


Ayin(serious): OK, how do I use it?


Esaias: Once a demon has been reduced to its spiritual form, you can activate-


Narrator: A yell rings out from deeper in the Ruins.


Ayin(surprisedbad): That yell-


Esaias(anxious): It’s Dahlia!




[a]might need more concerned esaias expression
[b]might be cool to have an effect playing from the last battle