>start,ACT I-8


+vnplus


>setlocation,The End of the Line
>setbg,Sprite,BgEndOfTheLine1


>playbgm,BGMExplorer

/*Background pans to show how far down the Ruins goes before chat UI comes up.*/
>movecam,0.5,0.0,0.0,1.0,8,ease


>addchar,Ayin,0,0,left,nervous


Narrator: You arrive at “The End of the Line” - the aptly named main entrance to the labyrinthian Ruins snaking beneath Agartha.


Narrator: Your Typocrypha starts to ring.


/*Typocrypha rings.*/


>addchar,Clarke,0,0,right


Clarke: Hello, Ayin! {c,ui-terms}Operation “Raindance”{c} begins in 14 minutes and 39 seconds.


Clarke: Why have you not rendezvoused with your team yet?


Ayin(nervoussmile): Uh, hehe, w-where was that again?


Clarke: ...


Clarke: You have been assigned to Scouting Team Z.


Clarke: Listing all team members and associated roles...


Narrator: Your Typocrypha lists out your team members.


Narrator: Ayin A. - ID:NB - TEAM LEADER
Narrator: Illyia X. - ID:F - FORWARD GUARD
Narrator: Dahlia B. - ID:F - MEDIC
Narrator: Esaias W. - ID:M - NAVIGATOR




Clarke: In the interest of time, I have provided your teammates with your current position. 


Clarke: They should be arriving shortly.


Ayin(nervoussmile): O-OK, thanks...


Ayin(serious): Um, could you also look up another person?


Clarke: Certainly!


Ayin: Adelai Steiner.


Clarke: Searching...


Narrator: Adelai S. - FORWARD GUARD - Attack Team


Ayin(concerned): Do you know where the Attack Team is meeting up?


Clarke: The Attack Team has already begun preparing at the main Ruins entrance.


Clarke: Your team will be infiltrating through a separate side tunnel to attempt to sneak past demon forces to scout out the location of the {c,ui-terms}First Barrier{c,ui-terms}.


Ayin: Side tunnel?


Clarke: Agent Ayin, have you read the mission briefing?


Ayin(ohfuck): Uh, y-yeah! Of course, haha...


Clarke: ...OK!


Clarke: Good luck, agent Ayin!


>removechar,Clarke


Ayin(nervous): {c,whisper}(I hope the team is nice...){c}


>addchar,Esaias,0,0,right
>addchar,Dahlia,0,0,right


Narrator: In the distance, a kind looking person and a serious looking one start moving towards you.


Narrator: The kind looking one starts waving as if you were an old friend.


Narrator: You awkwardly avert your gaze.


Dahlia(normal): Oh, excuse me!


Ayin(surprised): Uh, y-yes?


Dahlia(laughing): You’re Ayin, right? We’re your other teammates. Nice to meet you!


Dahlia(happy): I’m {c,ui-terms}Dahlia Bulsara{c}, but you can just call me Dahlia. I use she/her pronouns. 


Dahlia: And, while I’ve been assigned as the medic, I’m no stranger to fighting, so you can count on me for backup!


Esaias: I would recommend we stick closely to our assigned roles for the mission.


Dahlia(normal): Ah, you gotta loosen up, Saia!


Dahlia(sarcastic): It’s not like you’re going to be just staring at a map the whole time we’re down there.


Esaias(anxious): Actually, the layout of the Ruins of Obscurai is extremely complicated.


Esaias(lookingleft): Due to electro-magical interference, we will be unable to use any form of automated guidance when inside.


Esaias(lookingright): Furthermore, current maps of the Ruins are horribly inaccurate, and-


Dahlia(happy): OK OK, I’ll stop you right there. 


Dahlia(serious): Why don’t you introduce yourself to our new leader first, yeah?


Esaias(embarrassed): ...Apologies.


Esaias(normal): I am {c,ui-terms}Esaias Walker{c}, Navigator. He/him pronouns.


Esaias: Please do not hesitate to ask if you require any additional information on the Ruins.


Ayin(sheepish): Uh, sure!


Ayin(surprised): ...Oh! Right, my name! You can, uh, j-just call me Ayin...?


Ayin(nervous): I, um, I use they/them pronouns...


Dahlia(laughing): Haha, you don’t have to be so nervous, Ayin!


Dahlia(normal): I mean, we’re just scouting the place out.


Esaias(anxious): Agreed. If you look here...


Narrator: Esaias brings up a map projection on his Typocrypha.


Narrator: It is, to Esaias’s credit, horribly complicated and you don’t understand much of it.


Esaias(normal): Our planned path will follow along an old Obscurian aqueduct, which was abandoned years before the construction of the surrounding atria allowing us to exploit the-


Dahlia(sarcastic): Uh, Sai?


Esaias(embarrassed): ...Apologies, again.


// TODO: Map hides.


Esaias(normal): In short, we should not encounter significant demon resistance.


Dahlia(happy): See? We’ll get in there, find the First Barrier, and will be back in the rear while the Attack Team handles the rest.


Narrator: The Attack Team with Adelai in it.


Ayin(nervoussmile): Y-yeah... Thanks.


Narrator: You begin to think, with these two, things might be OK after all.


>stopbgm


Narrator: Just as you’re thinking this, another person walks up to your group. 


>addchar,Illyia,0,0,right,serious


Narrator: She doesn’t look at you in the eyes, seeming to look farther into the distance.


Narrator: She kind of reminds you of Adelai.


>setexpr,Ayin,nervous
Illyia(serious): ...


Dahlia: Oh, you must be Illyia! Hi, I’m Da-


Illyia(concerned): Yeah yeah, I reviewed all of your profiles.


Illyia: Two civilian draftees and an Academy grunt...


Illyia(ashamed): Just my luck... 


Dahlia(serious): ...Excuse me?


>playbgm,BGMMilitary


Illyia(pissed): Alright, listen up! We’re changing our planned route.


Illyia(serious): From Point A, we’ll cut through Sub-Atrium D to get to the main Chamber.


Illyia: It’ll be faster and we’ll be able to cover more ground to find the First Barrier.


Illyia(ashamed): Any questions?


Narrator: You find yourself at a loss for words - partially because you didn’t really understand what Illyia just said.


Narrator: Esaias is the first to break the silence.


Esaias(whut): Er,[pause,0.1] Illyia?[pause,0.1] If I may...


Esaias(anxious): If we take that route, we will encounter significantly more demon resistance.


Illyia(pissed): What? You scared of a few demons?


Illyia(serious): Just don’t worry about it and follow my lead.


Dahlia(stressed): Hey, what’s your problem? You’re not the leader!


Illyia(normal): ...You know what, you’re right. I’m not the leader.


Illyia(serious): Me? The one with years of demon combat experience? I’m just another soldier.


Illyia(pissed): But the draftee who’s still in Academy? Of course they get to be the leader!


Dahlia: Look, that doesn’t mean-


>stopbgm


Ayin(uncomfortable): I-I’ll give it to you!


Dahlia(concerned): !!


Ayin(serious): Illyia, you can be the leader. I’ll transfer the designation.


Illyia(quietlyhappy): Hmph, it’s good to see at least one of you has some common sense.


Ayin: Clarke, transfer role LEADER to Illyia.


>addchar,Clarke,0,0,left


Clarke: Transfer request DENIED.


Illyia(pissed): What? 


Clarke: REASON: Illyia Xiong has been put on observation per Captain {c,ui-terms}Iris Xiong’s{c} request.


Clarke: Agents on observation are prohibited from taking team designation status of LEADER.


Illyia(serious): ^shake^Iris?!|shake| That bitch...


Illyia(pissed): First you take me off the Attack Team and now this?


Dahlia(sarcastic): Well well, it’s good to see that the higher ups have some common sense, keeping a tight leash on a hothead like you.


Illyia(serious): You shut up right now or I’ll-


Clarke: NOTICE: Operation “Raindance”, begins in 10 minutes. 


Clarke: All scouting teams please prepare to descend into the Ruins.


>removechar,Clarke


Illyia(ashamed): ...


Narrator: Without a word, Illyia starts walking towards the Ruins entrance.


>removechar,Illyia
>playbgm,BGMExplorer


Dahlia: Jeez, she sure is a hot mess.


Dahlia(eyeroll): Sigh...[pause,0.1] But we shouldn’t let her go off by herself, I guess.


Dahlia(normal): Ah, and don’t worry too much about the leader stuff, Ayin. 


Dahlia(happy): Saia and I got your back!


Esaias(whut): Agreed. I am still in disbelief that she thought cutting through Sub-Atrium D would be better than my planned route!


Esaias(anxious): The demon interference alone would cost-


Dahlia(perish): Ahem-!


Esaias(embarrassed): -Ah...[pause,0.1] We will support you, Ayin.


Ayin(ohfuck): G-got it, thanks...


>endt